do you understand how valuable my time
is how much it means that I'm here doing
this for you this is a revolution
hey everyone Greg and Ryan here we are
back for another breakdown of American
Horror Story cult this is episode three
but do us a big favor before we jump
into the show hit subscribe so that you
don't miss any of our episode breakdowns
on this show as well as video on Rick
and Morty Twin Peaks preacher and much
more alright this episode is called
neighbors from hell there are obviously
some spoilers ahead Greg are you ready
it's satire first up a quick recap a
charming couple gets buried alive and
protesters demand justice for Pedro's
murder the Wilton's wear sombreros
a mysterious truck sprays chemicals in
the neighborhood while Ozzy's pet
hamster explodes kai has become some
sort of messiah the neighborhood has a
vandalism problem and someone kills the
bravotv loving meadow maybe
right off the bat we have to say r.i.p
pedro yeah very sad moment pedro didn't
make it and he really didn't do anything
he was just doing a nice favor for his
bosses i thought that wound was gonna be
right here i didn't think he was gonna
die from it but first thing we see from
the showrunners his body being wheeled
out yeah oh sorry pedro I'm in so much
trouble learning
now obviously Ally is completely
distraught over this whole thing but she
doesn't have to worry about any type of
legal trouble because of Michigan's
Stand Your Ground law yeah this is
totally a reference to the Trayvon
Martin shooting in 2012 they even make a
reference later to George Zimmerman yep
and it's a woman who's critics are
calling a lesbian George Zimmerman
another thing we noticed remember
Harrison told Ally about his open
relationship marriage with meadow now
this week we see Harrison has invited
over a companion for a late-night drink
and it's conveniently detective Samuels
now in all seriousness it's a little
suspicious that law enforcement is hang
out at the Wilton's you can make so many
excuses for why detective Samuels is
there but it's really weird that a cop
would be in the same house that he was
investigating the murder for earlier
okay yeah that was really nervous I mean
it's the first time like the connection
that we saw the cop with another
character on this show and it's just -
there's too many shady people involved
right here we don't really trust the
neighbors as is no and we didn't really
trust the cup as well detective Samuels
is kind of you know all over the place
in terms of who he's trying to pin for
murders and stuff so I don't trust any
of them now nope nope nope not a soul
don't trust them all okay so one big
question still remains for me
why torment Allie to this degree yeah
why target her and why literally scare
the hell out of her hello Liz I think
you're a horrible racist it's clear that
someone's just trying to separate the
two ivy and Allie somehow for some
reason possibly Ozzie yes someone is
clearly trying to sabotage this marriage
between Ali and Ivy and they're doing it
in some pretty messed-up ways first with
the craigslist ads second with the
exploding hamster poor aussie had to see
that you know right in his face in a
bikini and then with the spying on
her with the video in the bathtub scene
it's gotta be Ivy fast you think she's
in on it yes there are so many reasons
is it because of Jill Stein that she
voted for Jill Stein
they've been tolerated the fact that you
voted for Jill [ __ ] Stein instead of
Hillary the idea here is endless for
what could be the cause and maybe they
do a flashback and there's some issues
we find out earlier with Ally we don't
know about yet yeah who knows but the
idea that she flips out because she sees
the sex video okay so you're with your
partner in the room and you see a video
that pops up online and your first
reaction isn't that you're being spied
on yeah it's alarming something's up
here yeah but also that seems like an
awful a lot to do to someone if they
brought it up if they voted for Jill
Stein yeah I mean oh poor poor al okay I
get it she don't vote it for Jill's fine
but like that's things it seems like a
little bit aggressive oh I would love
nothing more at the end of that the
season the reveals IV immense because of
Jill Stein she says that that would be
ridiculous
a little side note here something else
is going on - in the town when it
involves the chemical trucks you know we
saw the big tubes the last episode in
Harrison girls garage and now we see
these trucks going through the city just
springing out some light greens super
mysterious late at night green mist all
over the neighborhood yeah we don't know
what those trucks are doing why they're
there and who's behind it all let us
know what you guys think in the comments
down below and we want to hear from you
guys so let us know what you guys think
now let's move on to phobias your
phobias alright guys so we've seen
coulrophobia obviously the fear of
clowns we've also seen Tripta phobia
fear of clusters of small holes circles
or bumps and last week agoraphobia which
was the fear of places and situations
that might cause panic helplessness or
embarrassment and now we learned of a
new phobia in this season of American
Horror Story as we were introduced in
the beginning with Rosie and Mark the
nice charming couple that was of course
buried alive you had a condition ferret
or phobia remember call it by its name
take away its power my ferret Jeff oh
yeah so it looks to be a mix of
claustrophobia like tappa phobia which
is like the fear of being locked in a
coffin but the big thing about that
whole entire scene is that dr. Vincent
he's totally in on this somehow yeah he
has to be because who else would know
about Rosie's phobias and then decide to
murder her in that same same way that
she's she's been scared of all her life
and then he also knows all obviously
about all of Ali's phobias as well and
how to go after her in the most horrific
way possible so yeah I'm with you he has
to be in on this I don't know if he's a
leader anymore though just because of
the way Kai yeah is going about in this
whole entire episode but he's got to be
a big hand in this too that's all with
the little buttons yes when he's on when
he's at his office and he is playing
with little smiley face buttons you know
like collect them all it felt eerily
like different clown faces that he was
playing with they're different you know
he's he's kind of sick and twisted
I feel like to me yeah I think there's a
lot more here we're not getting just yet
on him and he might be just completely
gone yeah time now for the clown counter
it's Greg's favorite part of
show he loves it so much can't you tell
it started off strong Gregg it really
did we had all six clowns show up and
torment rosie and mark sealing them in
coffins in the opening of this episode
hold on I think there was one more clown
if you want to count the dude that shows
up at the end when it's the smiley face
clown is let's call Matt yeah okay sure
if it's there if it scared you then I'm
all for counting him as this clown scare
it didn't really scare me because all I
could think of was Wilson from castaway
Wilson Wilson had the blood too time now
to talk about our favorite lines from
Episode three Greg what you got I got
this one we were here first
tell that to the Native Americans I love
them they're truly my saving grace for
this show right now or three episodes in
and I just want to see them on screen
even Kai I really want to see more kai
tuned yeah yeah I agree
most of my favorite moments are with the
Wilton's and my favorite line came at
the end with Harrison
what did you do you crazy [ __ ] what
kind of [ __ ] are you up to stay away
from me I just thought the reference was
you know very recent movie hysterical
and the fact that Harrison was so
over-the-top and flamboyant and pissed
off and running out screaming in his
boxers I was dying laughing when I saw
this bar get on my level
I loved that and I just can't stop
thinking of all the blood was in there
but you didn't see a body
so hey horror 101 but there's no body
you can't count them dead just yet no
matter how much blood you saw in that
house that's a really good point
next up our most def moments now my most
dumped moment has got to be mr. guinea
so long mr. guinea it's been fun for the
five minutes we had you on screen I
shouldn't be laughing at this but it was
just the way it all took place it felt
like an episode of South Park the second
he's like mr. guinea I get the keep BAM
it was very South Park my most that
moment had been the opening when Rosie
and Mark are literally sealed against
their will sealed into coffins and then
you find out later that they just
decompose in those coffins after a week
of being stuck in there why don't you
try to like I've seen so many movies and
ideas and we get out here so you can get
out of that [ __ ] just turn over whatever
okay I'm not even gonna this show
alright let's talk about winners of
episode three Greg who's your winner dr.
Vincent he's gonna be making a killing
no pun intended with therapy sessions
with ally and everyone else in the town
it makes me think how many other targets
has has he had in his life before Rosie
told him like I'm cured
so he can't get any more money from her
so BAM that's good post my winner
I said this every week I'm sorry his Chi
I just the dude is on and we we didn't
see him a lot this episode but now he's
commanding like the protesters to stop
at is that is his word just stop and
like just like stops everyone starts the
crowd yeah that's okay it really it was
really far-fetched but like his he's on
a whole nother level right now then he
goes up to Ali and he actually like just
mocks her to her face still he continues
to just have a nice day
have a nice day yeah he just cannot be
touched right now you want to be
somebody you want to matter and you make
the world wrong finally we have one last
question mine happens to be again why
Ally that why break up the marriage this
way so much money is being spent on all
these things are going through and at
this point IV has to be a part of this
cult in some way the password for the
computer has clowns apparently come on
IVs gotta be on it or she is the dumbest
character in seven seasons of American
Horror Story yeah I totally agree my
question is where's the damn
neighborhood watch there are chemical
trucks going down your neighborhood
there are bloody smiley faces on
numerous houses who's watching out for
these these people like why aren't other
people getting pissed off and coming
outside and and and telling us more
about this neighborhood it might be
because it's all in Ali's head Yeah
right or the whole town like it's hot
buzz is in on this and Ali is basically
screwed yep we'll see you next week guys
I like to start by asking people what
their goals are world domination the
search for the man's head continues at
this hour the world is about to change
to live is to suffer
can I help you how'd it feel fantastic